{"list":[
  "we don’t need any Korean! !",
  "Please report the people who use korean plz",
  "how do I know which is jp and which is cn when they both use kanji?",
  "We need to chill plz",
  "report Chinese comment plz",
  "just report any non-English chats",
  "do not report japanese plz",
  "No discutas plz",
  "protect our chat",
  "watch out for taiwanese comment don’t report the wrong person",
  "report these bots",
  "Guys It’s ok to support in any language you want",
  "report these bots! !",
  "Stop sending rainbow",
  "report those who dont let people speak their own languages",
  "report those who spoke non-English",
  "use love emoji in every conments",
  "Can someone tell me how to report these comments?",
  "I can’t get mad at spammers, they are just bots",
  "Does report really work?",
  "stop spamming",
  "please report bots.I’m Japanese,so i can’t speak EN well.",
  "I’ve been fed up with all these bots’ freaking nonsense. Can SOMEONE kindly report all the non-English comments here plz?",
  "All languages allowed, except Chinese. If you can’t tell the difference, let others do it.",
  "admins? where are they?",
  "STOP FKING SPAMMING!!",
  "I missed Coco so much",
  "how i can report those guy",
  "how i can report those bots",
  "stop spamming plz",
  "EVERYONE STAYS CALM!",
  "just block them but not engage,why?",
  "Guys dont forget the bot spams",
  "I have reported so many bots on here",
  "Keep our chairman safe, members!",
  "Why can’t I turn on the captions?",
  "plz use love emoji or membership emoji to show our love to coco",
  "some bots copied and paste comments, heads up",
  "Chinese pretend to be Korean",
  "SEND HEART EMOJI TO SHOW LOVE♥♥♥♥",
  "HIT THE LIKE BUTTON GUYS",
  "It’s too crazy",
  "wassup bois",
  "Report @XXX",
  "XXX = anti/bot pls report",
  "Does report really work?",
  "Dont spam",
  "“Stop spamming” is also spam, so STOP IT!!!",
  "Chat is speed",
  "CHILL PEOPLE",
  "Guys chill out",
  "yubiyubi",
  "KEEP THE CHAT CLEAN",
  "mod start doing job lol",
  "remember to google translate before report",
  "All languages are allowed! We love all our bros",
  "Only report if you understand the message and know that it is spam/harassment. All languages are okay.",
  "many bot trolling",
  "why you guys follow political comments? calm down bros.",
  "I’ve been fed up with all these Chinese bots’ freaking nonsense. Can SOMEONE kindly report all the non-English comments here plz?",
  "REPORT THOSE MOTHER FxxKING NON-ENGLISH SPAMMING POSTS!!!",
  "EVERYONE, PLEASE READ RULES AGAIN. DONT MENTION T WORD OR C WORD, JUST REPORT BLOCK AND IGNORE IT",
  "WE all know why our dragon can’t stream for 3 weeks NMSLeses",
  "There will be about 5000 antis when stream starts. We need to be prepared",
  "I will report any words mentioned “China”, “chinese people” or “Taiwan”",
  "report skin boy",
  "the hypocrisy of the people spamming “DON’T SPAM” is so laughable",
  "report those who spoke chinese",
  "REMEMBER BOIS JUST BLOCK AND REPORT THEM!!!! DONT ARGUING WITH THEM!!! LETS START AND ENJOY THE STREAMING!!!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤",
  "Do remember, they will spam nonsense other languages too, if you are native speaker please help report",
  "Remember Coco don’t care about politic so either T or C word can’t be here we don’e care that you are T or C so just stay still and we will support Coco together.",
  "Report and block, stop fighting them and start ignoring them, Give hearts not spam messages",
  "Report the first anti message, if they show up again with another mwssage, BLOCK them. Let them speak to air lol.",
  "STOP POLITIC SPAMS NOT BY RETALIATE BUT BY REPORTING",
  "this is NOT THE PLACE for politics discuss guys, report all political statement (ch, tw) doesn’t matter RBI and give her all the ❤❤❤❤❤",
  "english bros you’re just making yourself look imature and disappointing atleast follow the rules.",
  "All languages are welcome. If you trying to help, just use DeepL. It’s pretty obvious.",
  "English only plz. Please don’t speak Japanese🙏🙏🙏",
  "REMEMBER: When u see sus comments, don’t engage! Follow the RBI rule - Report, Block, Ignore. That’s all, we’re in this together!",
  "just ignore them, we aren’t a fool that mad at bot, lol",
  "residentsleeper residentsleeper residentsleeper",
  "weebs out/weebs in",
  "she doesn’t know / she lacks the critical information",
  "jebaited",
  "malding",
  "imagine donating to this smh / tfw i see people donating",
  "you mad?",
  "Hi Coco, I just got paid today. I know $50 isn’t that",
  "much but I just wanted to show you how much I support you. Hopefully I’ll have",
  "more money for you next paycheck",
  "NEVER SUBBED NEVER DONATED ADBLOCK ON STOLEN",
  "LAPTOP NEIGHBOURS WIFI MOMMAS HOUSE FREE ENTERTAINMENT",
  "Am I the only one speaking English here?",
  "Just a English comment passing by",
  "Hi everyone😊 Hello from Brazil",
  "Good afternoon my fellow Canadian friends",
  "Anyone from Malaysia?",
  "What is this stream about?",
  "When will the stream start?",
  "Shhhhhit im late when did the stream start?",
  "Can you guys see my chat?",
  "Laaaaaaagggggg",
  "Not lagging here what are you talking about",
  "Im using chrome perfectly fine on my device",
  "/darkmode",
  "/pictureinpicture",
  "/playinbackground",
  "When will she play Apex?",
  "STOP SPAMMING",
  "READ THE DESCRIPTION ITS RIGHT THERE",
  "Hey bro what happened",
  "Coco doesn’t need to apologize. She’s the TOP of Hololive.",
  "What happened to coco. She is innocent",
  "stop using shitty japanese",
  "Japan is obviously a puppet of the United States. Why doesn’t she speak",
  "English?",
  "Coco made a historical step in Hololive family - For being the fisrt one to",
  "bring disagreement in family members.",
  "Someone says Coco is the top of Hololive. Well, she did say that.",
  "Hololive family comes with two vital participants - FBK who built the family,",
  "and Coco who ruined the family.",
  "YAGOO will never blame on Coco, not for her importance, but sicken of what she",
  "did. We all knew why Coco would join Hololive in the first place, she’s the one",
  "who made YAGOO in ICU.",
  "Coco becoming famous brings Vtuber viewers delights, no more annoying fans for",
  "others now.",
  "I don’t care whether she did anything when Aloe was bullied by JP fans, Towa",
  "never got anything from her when the same thing happened anyway.",
  "You new fans might never saw what “A dragon with a sense of justice that",
  "values justice and decency” in her bio means, we old fans neither. That doesn’t",
  "matters at all, she can still be the top idol in the world.",
  "Coco sees herself in our cute shaaaaark, too many this kind of Vtubers slowed",
  "down her subs growth. a",
  "There has been a rumor that Coco mentioned Taiwan as a country when she was",
  "green-eyed of her collegues’ earnings in China. To clarify, that’s true.",
  "Coco became a hit in the whole western world when Coco simps WASP. Just",
  "wondering who this Coco is.",
  "It’s said Coco’s subs only get a few value. Well, she failed to leech any",
  "value from her colleagues that is.",
  "NIJISANJI would have been disbanded if Coco debuted there.",
  "Coco’s debut was celebrated by all Vtuber fans, as Hololive finally got",
  "weaknesses this time.",
  "Someone says Coco being world’s biggest superchat earner is was willingly",
  "accepted by others. It’s true, nobody disagreed when being extorted.",
  "She did pretend to be a Japanese beginner, but she has never been hypocritical",
  "on treating you guys as her credit cards.",
  "Vote Trump",
  "Vote Biden",
  "Will you vote for Trump?",
  "Are you Japanese?",
  "Can you speak English?",
  "I don’t speak Japanese",
  "Can someone translate this?",
  "Why can’t I turn on the captions?",
  "What game is this?",
  "Is she an AI or real person?",
  "No English! Go watch Hololive English you white trash",
  "Coco is much funnier than Gawr Gura.",
  "All Gura fans are pedos.",
  "Black Lives Matter!",
  "I CAN’T BREATH",
  "Do you support Muslims Coco?",
  "Holocaust is a hoax. Hololive is real.",
  "lets support coco in the following three weeks and free her from that",
  "F**KING ASSLICKING company. also we should let cover corp and Chinese KNOW",
  "that there are someone who ALWAYS support her！",
  "He’s an impostor! Let’s vote him out.",
  "hay alguien habla español?",
  "Porque no me respondes!!",
  "No se quien eres pero tu voz es tan gracioso",
  "Eres japonesa？",
  "Hola tienes una cuenta de FB?",
  "Como se llama este juego",
  "Podrías jugar XXX porfa, que es mi juego favorito",
  "Como puedo pagar un superchat?? Se necesita un crédito??",
  "Porque no me deja enviar chats, es un bug??",
  "estoy en bug，alguien puede ayudarme",
  "No se si aparecera este chat estoy en bug.",
  "Podrías jugar genshin impact? Veo que muchos livers de nijisanji estan jugando.",
  "No sabes que personales de hololive no pueden jugar genshin?",
  "que pena me gusta ver las chicas jugar el mismo juego conmigo",
  "Pasé el nivel 5 de jplt, todavia no me entiendo lo que habla.",
  "El nivel 5 es el más bajo, igual que casi no sabes japonés.",
  "Puedo entenderlo si ella habla mas despacio.",
  "Est-ce qu’on parle français ici ?",
  "tu parles français ?",
  "Es-tu une AI ou une personne réelle ?",
  "Parle clairement !",
  "Y a-t-il des frères qui parlent français ?",
  "oui oui",
  "Honnêtement, votre émission est ennuyeuse.",
  "Honnêtement, votre émission est très nulle.",
  "Ton émission es très décevante!",
  "Votre voix est terrible.",
  "Votre voix sonne mal!",
  "quelle heure maintenant?",
  "J’ai faim, et vous?",
  "ça sans intéressant",
  "Quelle langue slave parles-tu?",
  "Ne parle pas polonais.",
  "Jakiś Polak?",
  "Witajcie z Warszawy.",
  "Spricht hier jemand Deutsch?",
  "sicher, mein Freund",
  "Coco ist die beste Vtuber aller Zeiten. Ohne sie könnte Hololive nicht so weit",
  "kommen.",
  "Was habt ihr Brüder zum Abendessen gegessen? Ich habe so lange darüber",
  "nachgedacht. xdm",
  "Ich hatte chinesisches Essen zum Abendessen. Im Ernst, ich mag das ChuanCai",
  "sehr, ich mag scharfes Essen, also bestelle ich immer das extrem scharfe Toufu",
  "Ich hatte einen Käseeintopf nach Schweizer Art, der nicht so gut war, wie die",
  "Leute sagten. Dieser Käse war für mich ein bisschen seltsam.",
  "ich hatte japanisches sushi, ich brauchte fast eine stunde, um es im",
  "supermarkt in der nähe eines flughafens zu kaufen. diese flugzeuge waren so",
  "laut, dass ich mir nicht vorstellen kann, wie man in der nähe einer luft",
  "überleben kann.",
  "Hat jemand Genshin Impact gespielt? Ich meine, das war so toll. Ich kann mir",
  "nicht vorstellen, wie großartig ein japanisches Unternehmen seine Arbeit machen",
  "könnte. Ich bin beeindruckt.",
  "Das ist ein von China hergestelltes.",
  "Warum kündigt es dann immer zuerst auf dem japanischen Server an?",
  "Das geht dich einen Dreck an.",
  "Das kümmert mich einen Dreck.",
  "Bist du aber tüchtig!",
  "Es ist mir gleichgültig, wie du das machst.",
  "Du machst mich ganz verwirrt.",
  "Qualche fratello italiano?",
  "Amo la pizza.",
  "Margaret Pizza è la migliore",
  "E’pazzesco che qualcuno abbia messo l’ananas sulla pizza.",
  "Maledetta Americana, pizza con ananas non è affatto cibo",
  "Dovremmo affondare le Hawaii fino al fondo dell’oceano",
  "Maledetti canadesi, dovreste andare all’inferno.",
  "The City of Brisk. ",
  "There was not even the sound of the wind during this silent night. ",
  "By the time Qiao Qing finished her night study session and her duties for the day, it was already 10 o'clock at night.",
  "Casually carrying her backpack on one shoulder and with her other hand inside her pocket, she slowly walked out of the school entrance. ",
  "After passing by the row of delicious smelling BBQ stands, there was a quiet and empty wooded-pathway. ",
  "The streetlight hadn't been maintained for years and merely faint and pale white light shot down. ",
  "Everything around here was silent, making the sound of footstep distinct and noticeable in comparison.  ",
  "Qiao Qing was marching on when she suddenly stopped her footsteps.",
  "Her nose wrinkled and the heavy smell of blood rushed over. ",
  "As she worked to figure out what was happening, her ankles suddenly tightened. Something had grasped onto them.",
  "Qiao Qing borrowed the faint light and lowered her head to take a look. A pale hand that was dyed with blood had tightly grabbed onto her ankle.",
  "No wonder she felt a touch of stickiness. Qiao Qing thought to herself.",
  "Her gaze shifted upwards a little and followed the arm of the man. What met her gaze was a face so ferocious, it would startle an entire crowd.",
  "As Qiao Qing checked out Jun Yexuan, Jun Yexun, who was lying on the ground, raised his head to look at her.",
  "His lips were thin and light, and his tone was laced with pain, \"Save me.\" ",
  "Qiao Qing was expressionless. The words she spoke out were emotionless and cold, \"I don't make unprofitable deals. Give me a reason to save you.\"",
  "So he tossed out a golden temptation, \"One hundred million.\" ",
  "Even after his words, Qiao Qing remained quiet and had no indication of making a move. ",
  "Jun Yexuan thought to himself, \"Could it be that she finds it too little?\" ",
  "That would make sense. How could his life only be worth one hundred million?",
  "Just as he was about to top up his offer, Qiao Qing's cool voice arose from above, \"I don't need money.\" ",
  "Jun Yexuan was astonished and was in awe that there was someone like this in the City of Brisk. Instantly, he became intrigued.",
  "His lips curled into a demonic smile, \"How about I pay you with my own body?\"",
  "Upon hearing this, Qiao Qing's expression not only did not seem to waver, it also seemed like her patience had run dry. ",
  "\"Not great.\"",
  "After throwing down this statement, Qiao Qing struggled out of his grasp and left without lingering.",
  "Jun Yexuan, \"…\"",
  "He thought he was already ruthless enough and cold enough. He couldn't believe there would exist someone who was worst than him in those areas.",
  "Could it be that he was going to die here today? Jun Yexuan thought mockingly to himself. ",
  "At the same time, an idea appeared out of nowhere – if he survives this, he would go find this cold-blooded girl again.",
  "As his consciousness drifted in and out, the sound of footsteps approached. Then, a gentle and as if boneless hand helped him up. ",
  "Warm breaths landed on her neck, making Qiao Qing frown. She knocked his head out of the way and walked forward while holding onto him with one arm.",
  "Before long, Qiao Qing stopped again. ",
  "During the several times her eardrums pulsed, four to five men in black had blocked her way. All of them carried killer's intent with them. ",
  "Qiao Qing felt her head hurt, thinking that she had saved someone troublesome. ",
  "The leader in black, Peng Yue, watched over Qiao Qing, \"Young friend, leave behind the man and I can spare you your life.\"",
  "Qiao Qing sighed at those words, then purposefully eyed Jun Yexuan. \"Your target is him this time?\" ",
  "Peng Yue responded, \"That's not your business.\" ",
  "Qiao Qing shook her head, \"This person is under my possession so it's not really up to you.\"",
  "Peng Yue chuckcled in disdain as if he had heard some kind of joke, \"There isn't anyone in this world who we want to kill but cannot kill!\" ",
  "Qiao Qing blew at the bangs before her forehead, \"What a coincidence. There isn't anyone in this world who I want to save but cannot save!\"",
  "Peng Yue obviously didn't think anything of Qiao Qing. However, he didn't want anyone to provoke him like this. ",
  "He smirked, \"Since you like meddling in others' business so much, then don't blame me for being impolite… Ugh…\" ",
  "Before he could finish, a wind blew and attacked from the front. His neck felt a tight squeeze and was now under the grasp of Qiao Qing's hand. ",
  "Qiao Qing was just walking away and within an instant, had reappeared right before him and clamped his lifeline.",
  "The disdain from below Peng Yue's eyes slowly transformed from disbelief to shock. ",
  "A young girl who looked so low-key knew ancient martial arts! ",
  "Qiao Qing continued to claw onto Peng Yue's neck. When she glanced over, the others who were once acting excited had shriveled up.",
  "Qiao Qing retracted her gaze and then spoke slowly with a tone that indicated just how exapserated she was with the incapability of these people. ",
  "\"Have you never heard of the saying that those who do evil more often die than live? Is this how Feng Hen taught you all?!\"",
  "At the mention of Feng Hen, everyone lost their composure. ",
  "\"Boss, how does she know of our Sect Leader's name?\" A man in black asked Peng Yue. ",
  "The way Peng Yue looked at Qiao Qing was now also full of terror and respect. ",
  "He made a fist and cupped it with another, then he asked, \"Miss, what kind of relationship do you have with the Sect Leader?\" ",
  "She then no longer paid attention to these people. While carrying Jun Yexuan, she got out of there. ",
  "Peng Yue caught the necklace. Looking at the platinum goldfish fishbone necklace, he fell into deep thoughts. ",
  "Peng Yue looked over to him. \"Did you forget how she attacked us just now? Even if we don't believe her words, we cannot overcome her.\" ",
  "The questioner was stifled and stopped speaking. ",
  "Peng Yue stored the necklace away and looked back up. Qiao Qing's silhouette could no longer be seen, and so he said, \"Let's go.\" ",
  "* ",
  "The moment they arrived at the living room, a surprised shrill arose, \"Ah, baby, why did you bring back a man? Who is this?!\" ",
  "\"Ah, okay.\" He Wanqing brandished her hand at Chen Ming, who was standing right by her, \"Butler Chen, go fetch me the first aid kit.\" ",
  "Liu Ping retracted her gaze that was looking upwards and then nodded. \"Sorry, sorry.\" As she spoke, she hastily cleared the way.",
  "Qiao Qing helped Jun Yexuan to the guest room and gently placed him on the bed. ",
  "Without any hesitation, she tore apart his blazer and the blood-soaked white dress shirt. ",
  "Near the heart was a mush of blood and flesh. Because it was on Jun Yexuan's pretty white chest, it looked like such an eyesore. ",
  "It was a gunshot wound.",
  "Qiao Qing performed an initial examination. Then, she poured a bucket of water and cleaned off the blood around the wound. ",
  "Before long, He Wanqing walked in holding the first aid kit. ",
  "\"Baby, the first aid kit is here… oh my god!\" ",
  "He Wanqing covered her eyes with her empty hand. \"How did this person get so injured?\"",
  "Qiao Qing sighed helplessly and took over the first aid kit. As she prepared the medicine and the tools, she said, \"If you are scared, then get out.\"",
  "\"Near the school. Someone tried to assassinate him.\"",
  "Qiao Qing's hand that was tying up the bandage froze a bit, then, she tied a knot. \"Don't worry. I know where to draw the line.\" ",
  "Hearing Qiao Qing's words, He Wanqing felt calmer. ",
  "Then, she took back her hand and returned to her room. ",
  "He Wanqing thought about it and realized that it was true. After all, her daughter had a fiancé.",
  "After a yawn, He Wanqing prepared to go back to sleep. She turned her head and saw Liu Ping, who had been right by her for god knows how long. ",
  "He Wanqing shuddered. \"Auntie Liu, why are you here? You scared me!\" ",
  "\"Yes, ma'am.\" Liu Ping lowered her head and her gaze flickered.",
  "In the middle of the night. ",
  "When everyone inside the mansion had all gone to bed, Liu Ping walked out to the balcony and made a phone call. ",
  "After the call connected, she respectfully addressed the other side as \"young miss.\" ",
  "Qiao Nian's voice arrived from the other side of the line, \"What is it?\" ",
  "Liu Ping replied, \"Elder miss brought home a wounded man today.\" ",
  "Qiao Nian's voice abruptly went up an octave and was now drowning in excitement, \"What kind of man? Did he end up staying?\" ",
  "Liu Ping responded flatteringly, \"There is no need to worry, young miss.\" ",
  "After hanging up, Liu Ping turned around and screamed. ",
  "Her cell phone dropped onto the ground with a \"bang\". However, she didn't go pick it up right away. Instead, she stared at Qiao Qing soullessly. ",
  "\"Elder miss, when did you get here? You didn't make a single sound and scared me.\"",
  "\"I just got here. What was Auntie Liu doing to be this scared?\" ",
  "Liu Ping felt her hair stand up from Qiao Qing' stare. Feeling guilty, she dodged her gaze. ",
  "As she spoke, she went ahead to take back her phone. ",
  "However, as she tried to pull the phone towards her, she failed. ",
  "Her heart was pounding but a smile remained on her face. With a confused expression, she said, \"Elder miss?\" ",
  "Qiao Qing finally released the phone and said, \"Then I apologize.\" ",
  "Then Liu Ping left as if running away from Qiao Qing. ",
  "Qiao Qing didn't stop her. She turned around, crossed her arms, and watched Liu Ping disappear into the corner. ",
  "She was looking forward to the exciting events that would soon happen. ",
  "Just how will everything go? ",
  "The Jing Sect. ",
  "An ancient door with carvings of giant flowers slowly opened. A bunch of men dressed in black suits followed a lean and tall silhouette inside. ",
  "Feng Hen's hands that were unbuttoning the cuffs of his sleeves paused, then he interrupted, \"Who ordered you to kill Jun Yexuan?\" ",
  "There wasn't much emotion in his voice, but it was full of imposingness.",
  "Feng Hen's lips stretched a little. In a tone that was commanding but not angry, he instructed, \"Bring him over.\" ",
  "Qi Feng, who was standing on the side answered, \"Yes, sir.\" ",
  "Before long, Qin Feng dragged someone to Feng Hen and threw him down onto the ground. ",
  "Feng Hen sat in the leader's seat and his frigid gaze peered down at the person who was by his feet. \"Who gave you the guts to provoke Jun Yexuan?\" ",
  "Qin Hai's body quivered, \"S… Sect Leader… I don't know. I saw that someone had placed a request, so I accepted it. You…\" ",
  "Feng Hen interrupted him, \"Who's the employer?\" ",
  "Qin Hai's fingers slightly curled before he hesitantly spoke, \"It's the fourth uncle of Jun Yexuan, Jun Tianlin.\" ",
  "Feng Hen smirked, \"Very well.\" ",
  "\"Yes, sir.\" Qin Feng turned around to look at Qin Hai, \"Then, this person…\" ",
  "\"He broke Jing Sect's rules. You know what to do.\" ",
  "Feng Hen lifted his feet to avoid his touch before cruelly saying, \"Take him away.\" ",
  "After Qin Hai was taken away, Feng Hen looked over to Peng Yue, \"What else do you have to say? Speak.\" ",
  "Peng Yue walked up to him and thought about it. He then asked, \"Sect Leader, is young master Jun really that powerful?\" ",
  "Feng Hen raised the teacup his subordinate brought and blew at it mindlessly. ",
  "Peng Yue continued, \"But we almost succeeded. It's just that halfway through, a girl appeared and saved him.\" ",
  "Feng Hen placed down the teacup and looked over to him. ",
  "Feng Hen saw the fishbone pendant on the necklace and his pupils restricted. ",
  "Taking over the necklace, his thumb slowly rubbed the fishbone pendant. His gaze wandered. ",
  "Feng Hen did not comment and continued, \"Go find out if Qiao Qing and Jun Yexuan had made any deals.\" ",
  "Not daring to think anymore, Qi Feng accepted his task, \"Yes, sir.\" ",
  "Feng Hen then said, \"Wait.\" ",
  "\"What other commands do you have?\" Qi Feng asked. ",
  "Feng Hen took off the ring he wore on his pinky, \"Give this to Qiao Qing.\" ",
  "Qi Feng smiled with gratification, thinking that his Sect Leader was finally feeling threatened. ",
  "However, the exchange of an object was a very secretive way to express his feeling. Would Ms. Qiao understand? ",
  "The man dressed in black felt himself sweat coldly and repetitively self-reflected and tried to remember if he had at all disrespected that girl. ",
  "The more he thought about it, the more he wanted to cry! ",
  "Peng Yue was mentally being tormented when he heard Feng Hen ask, \"So you are telling me, you were close to succeeding?\" ",
  "Feng Hen felt slight doubt after hearing this and quickly fell into deep thoughts. ",
  "...… ",
  "The next day. ",
  "After reading the headline of the day, all of Qiao Qing's remaining sleepiness evaporated. ",
  "#The third young master of the Jun family had passed away.# ",
  "Looking at the attention-grabbing news title, Qiao Qing's brows furrowed lightly. ",
  "A man who lived in a legend… though their paths have never crossed, his name remained thunderous to the ears. ",
  "How could he have died so easily?",
  "By the time she finished reading the news, she had already entered into the guest room. ",
  "She looked at the man lying flat on the bed. His delicate features made him so handsome, he didn't even look real. ",
  "Qiao Qing suddenly remembered how everyone in this country described the third young master of the Jun family: ",
  "A demonic face so enchantingly beautiful. A dangerously handsome visage that scrambles hearts. ",
  "Her heart skipped a beat.",
  "Then, she shook her head. How could there be such a coincidence? ",
  "As she applied a new layer of medicine for him, Qiao Qing's hand accidentally brushed against his chest. Her face instantly froze. ",
  "The man's body had heat, but he had no heartbeat! ",
  "She extended her hand to test if he was breathing, then she sighed in relief. ",
  "His breathing was even and steady, not at all like a dead man's.",
  "This made Qiao Qing even more curious and she found it hard to believe that someone without a heartbeat could still be alive. ",
  "Could it be that she was hallucinating? ",
  "To make sure, she placed her hand on top of him again and with the thin bandage between them, she quietly felt for his heartbeat.",
  "However, before she could sense whether or not there was a heartbeat, she felt a tight squeeze on her wrist. Someone had grabbed onto her. ",
  "\"That impatient, eh?\" ",
  "Qiao Qing raised her head at the sound and met a pair of eyes that were sarcastic and smiling. ",
  "A normal girl would've definitely been enchanted. ",
  "However, Qiao Qing was no normal girl. ",
  "\"Let go.\" ",
  "These two short words were full of coldness and warning. ",
  "So there was someone who didn't succumb to this face. Jun Yexuan silently found this interesting. ",
  "Not only did he not let her go as requested, his thumb began to caress the inside of her wrist. His voice was charming and tempting. ",
  "Qiao Qing ignored the provocation and teasing in his words. She then coldly said, \"I can become even more cold-blooded. Do you want to try me?\" ",
  "Jun Yexuan was actually scared by those words and let go.",
  "Then, he asked the question he was curious about, \"Why did you come back to save me?\" ",
  "He could tell that she was not at all moved by his two offers and that her determination to leave him there to die was real. ",
  "But, just why did she change her mind?",
  "Qiao Qing didn't answer him. ",
  "After she reapplied the medicine, she took some clean bandages and then said, \"Get up.\" ",
  "Jun Yexuan didn't mind her cold attitude. Supporting himself with his palms, he slowly sat up. ",
  "From the side, it looked like he was in her embrace. ",
  "Suddenly, the atmosphere in the room turned affectionate.",
  "Qiao Qing discovered this herself. When he was unconscious last night, doing this was easy and efficient. There were no other thoughts in her mind. ",
  "Now, even if she doesn't look at him, she could feel his heated and exploring gaze, as well as the hot air that was attacking her neck. ",
  "She instinctively hurried her movements. ",
  "Just as she tied up the bandages, her ear felt a sudden itch. ",
  "Jun Yexuan suddenly muffled a scream, \"You are murdering your own husband?\"",
  "\"You truly are emotionless.\" Jun Yexuan's lips curled demonically. Then, using his arm as a pillow, he laid back down. ",
  "While looking at Qiao Qing, he said, \"I still don't know what your name.\" ",
  "\"I don't have an answer for you.\" Qiao Qing threw down this statement and turned around to leave. However, Jun Yexuan grabbed onto her wrist. ",
  "\"I want to shower.\" ",
  "He was still wearing the same clothes as last night. The mix of blood and dust was not something this man with OCD could endure.",
  "Qiao Qing pointed to the glass door that was inside this room, \"The bathroom is over there.\"",
  "Jun Yexuan said, \"It's not really convenient for me right now. You should help me wash up.\" ",
  "Qiao Qing coldly smirked. \"If you try to cross the line any further, I will truly throw you out!\" ",
  "Jun Yexuan rubbed his nose and backed off a little, \"At least find me a clean set of clothes?\" ",
  "Qiao Qing glanced at the window, \"It's probably not necessary for me to prepare any clothes for you.\" ",
  "Then, she took back her own hand and walked out. ",
  "After Qiao Qing walked away, the smile on Jun Yexuan's face disappeared without a trace. ",
  "At the same time, a person from outside the window entered. ",
  "\"Mu Jinghang.\"",
  "Jun Yexuan softly uttered out three characters that made Mu Jinghang shudder instantly. ",
  "Just as he finished speaking, a man flipped inside from outside the window. ",
  "Mu Jinghang peeked at his watch and clicked his tongue, \"Chi Yang, you were just buying some clothes. You took far too long.\" ",
  "The man named Chi Yang ignored Mu Jinghang and walked towards Jun Yexuan. With a thump, he kneeled. ",
  "\"I couldn't protect you, young master. Please punish me.\" ",
  "Mu Jinghang was silent for a second and then looked over to Jun Yexuan's wound with a frown. ",
  "Jun Yexuan didn't move and also did not express any opinion. ",
  "Jun Yexuan glanced over the documents in Mu Jingxuan's hands and an eerie smile flashed by. ",
  "\"It's his mistake for not controlling his own dog well enough. He thinks he can just send this and the whole thing would blow over?\" ",
  "He looked over to Chi Yang, \"Go bomb the new settlement he constructed in the east. Teach him a lesson he can't forget.\"",
  "\"Yes, sir,\" Chi Yang replied. ",
  "\"Wait,\" Jun Yexuan called out. ",
  "Chi Yang paused his steps. ",
  "\"Also look up the details regarding the girl who saved me. Look into what kind of relationship she has with Feng Hen.\" ",
  "Though he didn't retain much memory from last night, he hazily remembered the people who were trying to kill him catching up to him. ",
  "That girl was able to protect him when assassins from the Jing Sect were trying to kill him – she wasn't someone simple. ",
  "After Chi Yang left, Mu Jinghang stared at his wound and expressed the suspicion he had. ",
  "Jun Yexuan closed his eyes and ignored him. It was the same as a silent confirmation.",
  "Jun Yexuan stomped his foot towards Mu Jinghang. \"You brat! You are telling me what to do now?\" ",
  "Mu Jinghang didn't dodge and squarely took on this kick. ",
  "Mu Jinghang watched Jun Yexuan smile and his neck stiffened suddenly. ",
  "The last time he smiled like this, great calamity fell upon the Jun family. ",
  "This time, Jun Tianlin was to be blamed for not knowing his place. ",
  "\"After I come out, I don't want to see you here.\" ",
  "Jun Yexuan ordered and then walked to the bathroom. ",
  "Mu Jinghang felt hurt, \"Third brother, why are you acting like this? For you, I didn't shut my eyes all night!\" ",
  "Jun Yexuan was obviously an animal without any conscience. \"It's not the first day you've known me.\"",
  "Mu Jinghang rolled his eyes and whistled. He then mocked, \"Do you need me to help you bathe? Aren't things in-con-ve-ni-ent for your right now?\"",
  "He emphasized the last few words. ",
  "Jun Yexuan's eyes squinted at those words and his gaze turned sharp. \"Get out!\" ",
  "Mu Jinghang gulped and quickly hustled his way to the window. ",
  "What responded to his statement was the loud and bright sound of a door slam. ",
  "He Wanqing was woken up by Liu Ping. The moment she opened her eyes, she saw Liu Ping standing by the foot of the bed with a worried face. ",
  "\"Ma'am, Mr. Jiang's family is here. They are now in the living room and asking for you and Ms. Qing. It's in regards to the engagement.\"",
  "Seventy percent of He Wanqing's sleepiness escaped at those words. \"What about the engagement?\" ",
  "Liu Ping's expression made it clear that it was something she finds difficult to speak about, \"It seems like they want to break off the engagement.\" ",
  "\"What are you saying! Those who don't know would think they've done something shameful.\" ",
  "Liu Ping's expression stiffened at the question and she lowered her head a little. ",
  "Chen Ming, who was standing on the side, noticed her reaction and frowned suspiciously. ",
  "\"Hey, Jiang Huai, watch the way you talk! Who are you calling useless?! What do you mean nobody would want her?!\" ",
  "He Wanqing hissed and looked over to Jiang Yi, who had been silent, \"It is also your intention to break off the engagement with Qiao Qing?\" ",
  "Compared to his father Jiang Huai, Jiang Yi appeared much kinder and calmer. ",
  "Right after those words were spoken, everyone there watched as Qin Yongmei walked through the door alongside Qiao Nian. ",
  "Having had her cover blown, the smile on Qin Yongmei's face froze and she instantly laughed. \"Maybe Qiao Qing has earphones in. I really heard you.\" ",
  "He Wangqing merely smirked and ignored her. ",
  "Qiao Nian walked over to the Jiang family and greeted them respectfully, \"Uncle and auntie Jiang, what brings you here?\" ",
  "The moment Jiang Huai saw Qiao Nian, his expression warmed up. ",
  "In the City of Brisk, Qiao Nian was as outstanding as Qiao Qing was disappointing. ",
  "Her grades were top of the class and she was multi-talented. She was the representative of what others call, \"the neighbor's kid\". ",
  "To Jiang Huai, only this type of girl was good enough for his son! ",
  "With that thought in mind, his tone grew gentle, \"Ah, its Qiao Nian. I am here today to break off the engagement between Jiang Yi and Qiao Qing.\" ",
  "Qiao Nian looked as though she didn't understand those words, \"Did older sister do something wrong? Why is the engagement being called off?\" ",
  "He Wanqing's expression relaxed a little at those words. ",
  "Just as He Wanqing was about to reignite, a cold and crisp voice arrived, \"What you all fighting about?\" ",
  "Everyone in the living room fell silent and they all raised their heads to look up the stairs. ",
  "Qiao Qing had one hand on the stair's railing while the other was casually in her pocket. Her face was of pure impatience. "
 ]}
